---
title: "Terms and Conditions"
date: 2019-01-22T13:29:23-05:00
draft: false
---
Center for Computation and Visualization
Brown University

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

All use of Center facilities and services is at the discretion of the Center
Director.

All use of Center facilities must conform to established University policies as
published in documents held at [https://it.brown.edu/computing-policies].

Accounts on Center equipment are to be used only by the named individual holder
of the account. Users may not share passwords or accounts with anyone. Misuse
or unauthorized access is prohibited, and is subject to University sanction
and/or criminal and civil penalties. The Center's support staff may, in the
course of providing support to a user, access the Center's systems and the
user's files through that user's account. Before doing so, permission will be
required from the user either in person or in writing.

All software and data stored or used on Center and hosted systems must be
appropriately and legally acquired and must be used in compliance with
applicable licensing terms. Unauthorized misuse or copying of copyrighted
materials is prohibited. The storage of any sensitive data must comply with all
appropriate laws or protocols, such as those imposed by Protection of Human
Subjects procedures, and the Center should be notified of the location of such
data.

In addition, users certify compliance with all U.S. export control laws and
regulations and are responsible for obtaining export control licenses as may be
required before exporting controlled data, information software, or other
technology to foreign countries or providing access to foreign persons.

Papers and publications resulting from use of Center facilities must
acknowledge this via the inclusion of an appropriate credit similar to the
following: "This work was supported by Brown University through the use of the
facilities of its Center for Computation and Visualization." Additional detail
describing the particular computing or visualization application is optional.
In addition, a copy of the final paper or publication must be provided to the
Center via the electronic or postal addresses listed on its website,
[http://ccv.brown.edu].

Interruptions in Center resource operations and services may be due to planned
maintenance or other, unforeseen cause. All routine/planned maintenance for
general-use CCV computing facilities will occur during a four hour window from
9am-1pm on the second Tuesday of each month. Users will be notified whether or
not maintenance will occur and what systems will be affected at least one week
in advance of the maintenance period. This information will also be posted on
the CCV website.

Emergency system changes may also be necessary to correct hardware or software
failures, or to patch security vulnerabilities in systems software. Such
changes will be announced with the longest notice possible.

CCV services and any associated fees will be reviewed on a yearly basis and
published in a new service/fee schedule announced during the 11th month (May)
of the fiscal year.
